Cars one of the best inventions man has yet to create. They come in
different shapes, sizes, and colors. Below is a list list of some of my
favorites.

Lamborghini Aventador

The Lamborghini Aventador is a two-door, two-seater sports car publicly
introduced by Lamborghini at the Geneva Motor Show on 28 February 2011,
five months after its initial unveiling in Sant'Agata Bolognese.[2]
Internally codenamed LB834,[3] the Aventador was designed to replace the
ten-year-old Murci√©lago as the new flagship model in the Lamborghini
lineup starting in 2011.[4] Soon after the Aventador unveiling,
Lamborghini announced that it had already sold over 12 months of the
production vehicles, with deliveries starting in the second half of
2011.[5]

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamborghini_Aventador

Photo Credit: <a
href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/10797471@N02/10619307795/">Ciorra
Photography</a> via <a href="http://compfight.com">Compfight</a> <a
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/2.0/">cc</a>

photo size: 500 x 333


Audi R8

The Audi R8[5] (Typ 42)[7] is a mid-engine, 2-seater sports car,[5][8]
which uses Audi's trademark quattro permanent all-wheel drive
system.[5][9] It was introduced by the German automaker Audi AG in 2006.

The car was exclusively designed, developed, and manufactured by Audi
AG's high performance private subsidiary company, quattro GmbH, and is
base to the Lamborghini Gallardo platform.[10] The fundamental
construction of the R8 is based on the Audi Space Frame,[5] and uses an
aluminium monocoque which is built using space frame principles. The car
is built by quattro GmbH in a newly renovated factory at Audi's
'aluminium site' at Neckarsulm in Germany.[5]

In 2005, Audi announced that the name of the successful Audi R8 race car
would be used for a new road car in 2007, the Audi R8, based on the Audi
Le Mans quattro concept car (designed by Frank Lamberty and Julian
Hoenig), appearing at the 2003 International Geneva Motor Show, and 2003
Frankfurt International Motor Show. The R8 development program began in
2004, Lamberty's design being approved and frozen for production.
Production body prototypes began field testing in January 2006. The R8
road car was officially launched at the Paris Auto Show on 30 September
2006. There was some confusion with the name, which the car shares with
the 24 Hours of Le Mans winning R8 Le Mans Prototype (LMP). 6-time 24
Hours of Le Mans winner Jacky Ickx described the R8 as "the best
handling road car today".

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audi_R8

Photo Credit: <a
href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/22526198@N07/8453779285/">Axion23</a>
via <a href="http://compfight.com">Compfight</a> <a
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/">cc</a>

photo size: 500 x 331

Ford Fiesta

With its driver Ken Block and suped up mechanics, this For Fiesta really
moves!!

Photo Credit: <a
href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/25349554@N03/4317339757/">dez&
john3313</a> via <a href="http://compfight.com">Compfight</a> <a
href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/2.0/">cc</a>




